{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f6\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red17\green63\blue196;
\red16\green61\blue193;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c7603\c34445\c81086;
\cssrgb\c6979\c33703\c80362;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14200\viewh15120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf0 I DO! Wedding Planning, INC.
\fs24 \'a0\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b Brainstorming\
\

\f0\b0 \ul Objective\ulnone : Elevated weddings for a higher price, overall taking on less projects\
\
\ul Message to send\ulnone : Elevated weddings with all needs/services provided\
\
\ul History\ulnone : in the business for 15 years. Two best friends who started the company (VERY opinionated). Open to rethinking their brand in general.\
\

\f2\i Comparative Work\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.alison-bryan.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\i0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 https://www.alison-bryan.com/}}
\f4\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.alisonevents.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.alisonevents.com/}}
\f3\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b \cf3 \ulc4 \
Dream\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0 \cf0 \ulnone be featured on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://overthemoon.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://overthemoon.com/}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.vogue.com/living/weddings"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.vogue.com/living/weddings}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf3 \ulc5 Questions\

\fs32 \cf3 \ulnone - what services do you offer\
- what are the current price points\
- what are the goal price points\
- what is the starting price point you\'92re willing to work with?\
- examples of previous weddings done (and a list of services provided to that wedding)?\
- do you provide services for destination weddings, or is it local only?\
- are you certified travel advisors?\
- are these competitors that you are 
\f6\i currently 
\f3\i0  in competition with or who you want to be in competition with when the elevation of wedding services provided is completed?\
- how has word gotten out in the past regarding your business? (Website, ads, social media, etc)\
- are all services provided in-house or do you contract out (but you\'92re the middleman)\
- is there already a list of venues you typically work with\
- are you willing to work with venues and people you don\'92t normally work with dependent on location?\
- how many weddings can be handled in a day/how large is the team?\
\
\
Audience\
Who? Engaged couples (sometimes the parents, couples in general, married who want to renew vows)\
Value? Provides a \'91one-stop shop\'92 for wedding planning\
Client Wants? More elevated/elegant weddings for a higher price and to do less of them in a year\
How to share? Increased SEO, social media\
\
Hjalmar and Chris - meeting 1\
- more elevated\
- Vogue and Overthemoon: that\'92s a certain look they\'92re looking for/wanting to display\
- Firefox inspector is more accurate than mobile view mode * (so look it the code, etc. on Firefox in lieu of Chrome or Safari)\
- if you already have an idea of a mock-up, go ahead and get that out and get feedback on what the client does and doesn\'92t like on it\
\
\

\fs72 Brief
\fs32 \

\fs72 Research\
Client Questions
\fs32 \

\fs72 Branding (making different options) 
\fs32 - \
do this in AD: err on the side of making too many things\

\fs72 User Testing over branding options
\fs32 \

\fs72 Prototyping
\fs32 \
checking out different options (getting things into code). Maybe even take things onto AD and move sections around to see what fits best \

\fs72 User Testing
\fs32 \
send metadata info and first say don\'92t click on it, what do you think this company does\
- take a step further and have them click the link. Then tell me what the company does. How easy is it to contact them. And on a scale 1-10, how professional is this business\
- what could we do to make it 10/10\
}