{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red240\green192\blue193;\red0\green0\blue0;\red51\green51\blue51;
\red190\green208\blue246;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c95686\c80000\c80000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c26275\c26275\c26275;
\cssrgb\c78824\c85490\c97255;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 I DO! Wedding Planning, INC.
\f1\b\fs36 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'93Wedding events of all shapes and sizes.\'94
\f2\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 What they need
\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 They have been in business for 15 plus years, and while they have a lot of clients and great opportunities coming in they would like to raise their prices, elevate those weddings they are producing and take on fewer events.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93
\f3\i We are your one-stop shop for all things weddings. Trust us to plan the weddings of your dreams .
\f0\i0 \'94
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa106\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 What we know about them so far
\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Best friends who started this business to be able to work together. They are very opinionated about this \'93re-design.\'94 But of course, have no idea what they want; they just said we want it to \'93be good.\'94 They hate all of their copy and are open to us rethinking their brand in general.\'a0
\f2\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Their biggest competitors are:
\f2\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.alison-bryan.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 https://www.alison-bryan.com/}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.alisonevents.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 https://www.alisonevents.com/}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Their dream is to be featured on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://overthemoon.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 https://overthemoon.com/}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.vogue.com/living/weddings"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 https://www.vogue.com/living/weddings}}}